# Introducing Heiswap - An Ethereum Mixer (Live on Ropsten!)

출처 : https://kndrck.co/posts/introducing_heiswap/?fbclid=IwAR11yJW5scDS7qYtFa9hyb8zo5PvyJgX-QynkWliYsx12P02ZJPRWTotAbc

Posted on 2019-07-03 by Kendrick Tan

### 동기 Motivation

새롭게 진행할만한 프로젝트를 찾고있었다, 그러다가 비탈릭의 HackMD 포스트를 우연히 발견하였다, 가만히 있다가 내가 해보면 어떨까라는 생각을 해보았다. 재미있어 보여서 바로 시작하였고 그것이 바로 heiswap.exchange의 시작이다. 

### Quicklinks

Smart contract deployed on Ropsten
Solidity + WebApp Source Code

### Introduction

Heiswap (黑 swap) is an Ethereum mixer that allows users to ‘wash’ their ETH in a confidential manner (i.e. who the sender sends money to is hidden). At this point in time (3rd July 2019), Heiswap is only able to mask the link between senders and their corresponding recipients, and requires participants to send ETH in fixed denominations.

This is because if user A deposits some oddly specific number of ETH, say 1.3256, and user B withdraws an amount similar to that (e.g. 1.325, due to fees) around the same time frame, then it is very easy to link user A to user B.

To “wash” their Ethereum, a user simply deposits a fixed amount of Ethereum into the heiswap smart contract, waits until there are more participants in the pool, and then withdraws it from the smart contract..

### ELI5 How Does It Work

We gather a group of N people (senders), who want to transfer 2 Eth to another group of N people (receivers). We get the senders to each deposit 2 Eth into a pot, and then get the receivers to each take out 2 Eth from the pot. 이 프로세스를 사용하면, 누가 누구에게 돈을 보냈는지 알 수 없는 상황에서 교환이 일어나게 되는 것이다.

Under normal circumstances we need an escrow to keep track of additional information (e.g. who’s taken money from the pot and who hasn’t), but this logic can be programmed into the smart contract, which is what we’ve done.

### 사용 

현재 Heiswap은 작동중이며, heiswap.exchange와 연동할 수 있다. 

프론트엔드는 3가지 섹션으로 구성되어있다. - 예치, 해제 그리고 상태 : 

img 

### 예치 

The following step depicts a typical process to deposit some Ethereum into the mixer. You’ll also need some extra Eth to pay for Gas.

1. Enter in an approved withdrawal address.
2. Select the amount of Ethereum you would like to deposit
3. *Check gas price, make sure it’s > 0
4. Click deposit, confirm the transaction on metamask, and a popup window with a randomly generated token should appear:

img 

5. Important: Save the hei-token somewhere safe, and send it to the party who is going to withdraw the deposited funds

### 인출 

Unfortunately, you’ll also need some Eth in the withdrawal account (used to pay for Gas) to withdraw the deposited funds. 이 부분은 나중에 Relayer를 통해서 개선될 수 있을 것이다. (추후 버전에서 구현될 것이다.)

1. 예치 과정에서 설정된 인출 주소로 로그인한다. 

img

2. 받은 토큰을 보여지는 텍스트 박스안에 붙여넣기하고 인출 버튼을 누르시오. which might lead to a few outcomes:

2.1. The Ring is not closed, and it’ll prompt you to close the Ring in order to retrieve your funds. (Ring은 5명의 참가지가 pool에 채워지면 저절로 닫힌다) 만약 이 정도 정보 보호의 수준에 만족한다면, pool을 닫으면 되지만, 그렇지 않다면 더 많은 참가자들이 pool에 참가할 때까지 기다려야 한다. Once the ring is closed, wait for a couple blocks to mature, head back to the “Withdrawal” tab, and try to withdraw again.

img 

2.2. If you’re using an account which isn’t associated with the hei-token, or just an account with doesn’t have any withdrawals allocated to it, you’ll be presented with the following screen:

img

3. 인출 과정이 성공적으로 완료되면, 아래와 같은 화면을 볼 수 있게 된다 : 

img 

### Status

The status tab is simply for convenience and is used to check if your deposit is “mature” or safe enough to be withdrawn (i.e. are there enough participants in the ring to mask the link between sender and receiver).

1. Simply paste the token into the provided textbox and click “Check Ring Status”

img

2. If it’s a valid token, you should be greeted with a popup like so:

img

### Technicals

Heiswap ulitlizes Linkable Ring Signatures in conjunction with (pseudo) Stealth Address to achieve zero-knowledge mixing.

The signatures are verified on the smart contract end, while the signatures are generated on the frontend. That way, you don’t need to submit your private key to the smart contract ;).

The addition of EIP 198 and EIP 1895 allows certain ECC operations to be executed for quite cheaply on the EVM now. The precompiles supports the alt-bn-128 curve, which is SNARKS related. I would like to build something that ultilizes SNARKS, but that’s for another time as I do not yet have an in-depth understanding of SNARKS right now.

I ported over Linkable Ring Signatures onto the EVM, and had to make sure it was compatible with curve alt-bn-128 in order to ultilize those EVM precompiles.

I won’t be explaining how these technologies work, but if you’re interested check out the cryptonote paper, as this smart contract borrows a lot of ideas from that paper.

### FAQ

Is this audited?

No. I don’t have the funds necessary to perform an audit.
Will this be updated?

Probably, I have a whole month before my next job :).
Can I have the source code?

Sure. Here you go.
Future Improvements

Add relayers so gasless tx can be achieved.

Conclusion

Yeah, I guess building this was quite fun :).